h1. HMC6343

	AUTHOR:		Nikolai Andre Ek Ovesen
	EMAIL:		nikolai.ovesen@gmail.com
	GIT:		https://github.com/n-ovesen/
	Web:		http://nikolaiovesen.com

h2. Summary

Wrote a quick library to interface with the HMC6343 tilt compensated compass unit with an arduino,
even though this is not a complicated unit to interface with this simplifies the job further.

h2. Getting Started

Hook it up to the i2c pins on your arduino (A4 and A5 or the dedicated pins on newer versions)

If you are using a 5v arduino as most people you should also throw in a 5v - 3v logic level converter to make sure you don't get 150USD worth of blue smoke, unless that's your thing of course.

h2. Software

You need some way of compiling and uploading it to your arduino (DUH!)

h2. Todo list:

	- Make a function for calibration
	- Make a function to set the orientation of the device (by default it should be placed flat)
	- Make schematics to show how to wire the HMC6343 to the arduino

h2. Found some bugs issues or some improvement?

Please do not hesitate to send me an email with the problem and what sort of arduino you are using and what you did to create the bug/problem.

And of course if you have some solution to something your solution will be marked with comments within the appropiate section of code :)

h2. Licensing

HMC6343 – A library to interface an i2c compatible arduino with the HMC6343
Tilt compensated compass.
Copyright © 2013 Nikolai Andre Ek Ovesen
All rights reserved.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this library. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

